Add protocols documentation (#529)
Eppo-exp/eppo-docs: docs/experiment-analysis/configuration/protocols.md

Specifically, Protocols allow admins to create re-usable rules for all the different types of experiments teams run. Individual teams can then adopt these Protocols when creating experiments, resulting in experiments that adhere to the governance rules proscribed.

## Creating a Protocol

Protocols can be created by Admins by navigating to Admin > Protocols and clicking the `Create Protocol Button`.

![Protocol configuration screen](/img/experiments/protocols/protocol-config.png)

After filling out the required sections, you can publish the Protocol to make it available. Each Protocol can be made available globally or for specific teams that you specify under `Who can use this Protocol?`

### Analysis settings

Analysis setting determine the entity tested, the logging table to reference, the stats regime to use, and experiment run time.

For more information on the right statistical analysis plan to use please refer to the [documentation on analysis plans.](/experiment-analysis/configuration/analysis-plans)

![Protocol analysis setting screen](/img/experiments/protocols/protocol-analysis-settings.png)

> When a default run time is set, the experiment analysis end date will automatically be set to run for the defined number of days. This does not impact the assignment, which must be managed in your feature flagging tool. The end user can also override this end date.

Reviewer: change this to assume an E2E user by default? 

```suggestion
When a default run time is set, the experiment analysis end date will automatically be set to run for the defined number of days. This does not impact the assignment, which must be managed in the configuration section (or an external randomization system). The end user can also override this end date.
```

### Decision criteria

The decision criteria sets the key metrics to be measured in the experiment and aligns the team around a ship decision based on the measurement of those metrics.

![Protocol select metrics screen](/img/experiments/protocols/protocol-select-metrics.png)

> Specifying a Primary metric is required. This is the metric that your experiment hypothesis is testing. The Primary Metric will be used to determine the status of the experiment and, ultimately, it's outcome. 

Reviewer: Casing consistency

```suggestion
Specifying a Primary Metric is required. This is the metric that your experiment hypothesis is testing. The Primary Metric will be used to determine the status of the experiment and, ultimately, it's outcome. 
```
